README.md, before:

# Custom Weapons X Base Attributes

Attributes (in Custom Attributes framework format) reimplementing features that were integral to
previous iterations of Custom Weapons.

While these are originally written with [Custom Weapons X][] in mind, there is nothing
preventing their use with other plugins.

[Custom Weapons X]: https://github.com/nosoop/SM-TFCustomWeaponsX

## Dependencies

In addition to Custom Attributes, you'll need:

- [Econ Data](https://github.com/nosoop/SM-TFEconData)
- [TF2Utils](https://github.com/nosoop/SM-TFUtils) (0.11.0 or newer)

## Attributes

### Weapon models

`viewmodel_override.smx` provides three different attributes: `clientmodel override`,
`viewmodel override`, and `worldmodel override`.

- Overwrites the view / worldmodel on the weapon.  `clientmodel override` takes priority and
sets both of those.
  - This plugin does not mark resources for download.  Use something like
  [this plugin][File Precacher] to handle this.
  - Viewmodels are applied on weapon switch.
- Attribute value is a full path to a model file (e.g. `models/weapons/.../c_myweapon.mdl`).

[File Precacher]: https://forums.alliedmods.net/showpost.php?p=2634602&postcount=484

## License

Released under GPLv3.

Commit message:

Add clarifying details on custom viewmodel precaching

README.md, after:

# Custom Weapons X Base Attributes

Attributes (in Custom Attributes framework format) reimplementing features that were integral to
previous iterations of Custom Weapons.

While these are originally written with [Custom Weapons X][] in mind, there is nothing
preventing their use with other plugins.

[Custom Weapons X]: https://github.com/nosoop/SM-TFCustomWeaponsX

## Dependencies

In addition to Custom Attributes, you'll need:

- [Econ Data](https://github.com/nosoop/SM-TFEconData)
- [TF2Utils](https://github.com/nosoop/SM-TFUtils) (0.11.0 or newer)

## Attributes

### Weapon models

`viewmodel_override.smx` provides three different attributes: `clientmodel override`,
`viewmodel override`, and `worldmodel override`.

- Overwrites the view / worldmodel on the weapon.  `clientmodel override` takes priority and
sets both of those.
  - **This plugin does not mark resources for download.**  Attribute values are evaluated at
  runtime; it has no knowledge of possible values on level startup.  Use something like this
  [File Precacher][] plugin to mark your custom resources for download by other game clients.
  - Viewmodels are applied on weapon switch.
- Attribute value is a full path to a model file (e.g. `models/weapons/.../c_myweapon.mdl`).

[File Precacher]: https://forums.alliedmods.net/showpost.php?p=2634602&postcount=484

## License

Released under GPLv3.
